README.md, before:

## fastly
### [Fastly](http://www.fastly.com) API client for Node.js

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/thisandagain/fastly.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/thisandagain/fastly)
[![dependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/thisandagain/fastly/status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/thisandagain/fastly)

### Installation
```bash
npm install fastly
```

### Basic Use
```javascript
var fastly = require('fastly')('yourapikey');

fastly.request('GET', '/content/edge_check?url=mysite.com/foo', function (err, obj) {
    if (err) return console.dir(err);   // Oh no!
    console.dir(obj);                   // Response body from the fastly API
});
```

### Helper Methods
The fastly module also includes a few limited "helper" methods that make working with common API resources a bit simpler:

<table width="100%">
    <tr>
        <th width="20%">Method</td>
        <th width="75%">Example</td>
        <th width="5%"></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>purge</td>
        <td><pre lang="javascript"><code>fastly.purge('host.com', '/index.html', callback);</code></pre></td>
        <td><a href="https://docs.fastly.com/api/purge">Link</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>purgeAll</td>
        <td><pre lang="javascript"><code>fastly.purgeAll('myServiceId', callback);</code></pre></td>
        <td><a href="https://docs.fastly.com/api/purge">Link</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>purgeKey</td>
        <td><pre lang="javascript"><code>fastly.purgeKey('myServiceId', 'key', callback);</code></pre></td>
        <td><a href="https://docs.fastly.com/api/purge">Link</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>softPurgeKey</td>
        <td><pre lang="javascript"><code>fastly.softPurgeKey('myServiceId', 'key', callback);</code></pre></td>
        <td><a href="https://docs.fastly.com/api/purge">Link</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>stats</td>
        <td><pre lang="javascript"><code>fastly.stats('myServiceId', callback);</code></pre></td>
        <td><a href="https://docs.fastly.com/api/stats">Link</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>datacenters</td>
        <td><pre lang="javascript"><code>fastly.datacenters(callback);</code></pre></td>
        <td><a href="https://docs.fastly.com/api/tools#datacenter">Link</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>publicIpList</td>
        <td><pre lang="javascript"><code>fastly.publicIpList(callback);</code></pre></td>
        <td><a href="https://docs.fastly.com/api/tools#public_ip_list">Link</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>edgeCheck</td>
        <td><pre lang="javascript"><code>fastly.edgeCheck('url', callback);</code></pre></td>
        <td><a href="https://docs.fastly.com/api/tools#content">Link</a></td>
    </tr>
</table>

### Testing
```bash
npm test
```

Commit message:

Provide message stating this client is no longer maintained and add link to Fastly's generated client.

README.md, after:

## fastly
### [Fastly](http://www.fastly.com) API client for Node.js

> NOTE: This version of Fastly JavaScript Client is no longer maintained.
> Fastly now provides a [generated API client](https://dev.to/fastly/better-fastly-api-clients-with-openapi-generator-3lno) to cover the Fastly API.
> The current version is available at https://github.com/fastly/fastly-js/tree/main.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/thisandagain/fastly.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/thisandagain/fastly)
[![dependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/thisandagain/fastly/status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/thisandagain/fastly)

### Installation
```bash
npm install fastly
```

### Basic Use
```javascript
var fastly = require('fastly')('yourapikey');

fastly.request('GET', '/content/edge_check?url=mysite.com/foo', function (err, obj) {
    if (err) return console.dir(err);   // Oh no!
    console.dir(obj);                   // Response body from the fastly API
});
```

### Helper Methods
The fastly module also includes a few limited "helper" methods that make working with common API resources a bit simpler:

<table width="100%">
    <tr>
        <th width="20%">Method</td>
        <th width="75%">Example</td>
        <th width="5%"></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>purge</td>
        <td><pre lang="javascript"><code>fastly.purge('host.com', '/index.html', callback);</code></pre></td>
        <td><a href="https://docs.fastly.com/api/purge">Link</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>purgeAll</td>
        <td><pre lang="javascript"><code>fastly.purgeAll('myServiceId', callback);</code></pre></td>
        <td><a href="https://docs.fastly.com/api/purge">Link</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>purgeKey</td>
        <td><pre lang="javascript"><code>fastly.purgeKey('myServiceId', 'key', callback);</code></pre></td>
        <td><a href="https://docs.fastly.com/api/purge">Link</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>softPurgeKey</td>
        <td><pre lang="javascript"><code>fastly.softPurgeKey('myServiceId', 'key', callback);</code></pre></td>
        <td><a href="https://docs.fastly.com/api/purge">Link</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>stats</td>
        <td><pre lang="javascript"><code>fastly.stats('myServiceId', callback);</code></pre></td>
        <td><a href="https://docs.fastly.com/api/stats">Link</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>datacenters</td>
        <td><pre lang="javascript"><code>fastly.datacenters(callback);</code></pre></td>
        <td><a href="https://docs.fastly.com/api/tools#datacenter">Link</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>publicIpList</td>
        <td><pre lang="javascript"><code>fastly.publicIpList(callback);</code></pre></td>
        <td><a href="https://docs.fastly.com/api/tools#public_ip_list">Link</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>edgeCheck</td>
        <td><pre lang="javascript"><code>fastly.edgeCheck('url', callback);</code></pre></td>
        <td><a href="https://docs.fastly.com/api/tools#content">Link</a></td>
    </tr>
</table>

### Testing
```bash
npm test
```
